Retail Internet Banking is a pre-packaged internet banking solution for retail banks. The solution is componentized, very flexible and provides an optimized, user experience fully responsive in design to any device type. Customization of functionality and applying corporate branding is very easy to do in a code-free environment. This solution provides the client with selfservice access to their retail banking products enabling them to manage their finances as and when it suits them. Fully integrated to Temenos’ retail core banking solution it provides a broad range of retail banking functionality such as providing a single view of retail product holdings, management of current and savings accounts, ability to set up and manage domestic and international payments, management of standing orders, direct debits and monies transfers, single view of loans and loan applications, and management of fixed term deposits.

The Retail Internet Banking solution can also be provided, fully integrated, with an award winning PFM (personal financial management) solution that enables customers to completely personalize their digital banking experience. With PFM capabilities fully embedded into the solution users can easily visualize and analyze income and spending, cash flow, budgeting and savings goals so that they can manage their money more efficiently and make better spending decisions. This enables you to deliver a best-in-class, customer centric digital banking experience to your customers.
